was the most difficult part of my training so I I as a chief engineer
I I chose engineering halfway form for my career there were things about
that is it's very much hands on and you have to learn the hands
on you have to see I had to see it we we had to do a lot of other ways
of the gas turbine engines to see what the air flow walls is and
how you can generate the powers of the gas turbine and how closely
caster manager of all it's really cold here all the way out to look
for power that moves the ship if you go from standing still two thirty
two knots at flank speed over with thirty two knots about forty miles
an hour and you can do that in order a minute with a guest or which
you've got to keep all that information in your head and and how
to do that the same thing could be applied through cyber attacks for
the operations officer for the cryptologist how do you maintain if
you've got to go ahead and see all